Updates for Jira 3.0 (#692)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira: docs/end-user-guide/using-jira-commands.md

To create a Jira issue from a Mattermost message, hover over the relevant message and select **\(...\) > More Actions > Create Jira Issue**.

The available commands are listed below.

**Note:** [setting] can be `notifications` and [value] can be `on` or `off`

* `/jira help` - Launch the Jira plugin command line help syntax

> * `/jira info` - Display information about the current user and the Jira plug-in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/jira info` - Display information about the current user and the Jira plugin
```
